Now there a better idea of how we're going to design this shopping cart feature let's get to work.
So in this video we're going to put together a little bit of boilerplate.
So it's going to take the form of creating a new routes file that's going to handle all the different
root handlers around routes.
We might create a new view's directory for handling showing the cart related stuff and a new repository
as well for managing all the different carts so we eventually create let's first get started with the
repository.
So inside the repositories directory I'm going to make a new file called carts dot J.S. the cart repository
that we create is going to be very similar to the products one.
So we don't really have any special methods.
We want to add in we really just want to make a new extended copy of repository and eventually maybe
we will add in some additional methods to our cart.
So instead of carts J.S. I'm going to first require in repository at the top
will then create our class called carts repository and that's going to be extending
repository and then at the bottom we'll do a module on exports of new hearts repository and remember
the first argument is going to be the name of the file that we want to store all this data in.
So we're gonna call it cart Scott.
Jason Okay.
So good start right there.
Next up let's create a new routes file for holding all the different routes around our cart.
So inside the routes directory I'll make a new file called carts dot J.S. so then inside of here we'll
create a new express router object and associate some different route handlers with it.
So I'll get express
I'll create a new router we'll eventually add in some routes to it.
So like a router dot get blah blah blah.
But right now we will just leave it empty until we know exactly what routes we want to add.
So at the bottom I'll do a module on exports of router.
And then finally we'll open up our root index dot ust file we'll make sure that we require in the router
that we just created an associated with our Express at inside of index J Yes I'll go right underneath
products router I'll get my Curt's router which is what we've just created
and then we'll associate Kurt's router with our app object.
So right underneath the admin products router that we set up previously will do an app that use parts
router.
So that looks good.
So we've now gone through just a little bit of boilerplate to get the stuff set up.
So now we need to think about the different routes so we need to associate with our router.
In total there are going to be three different ways that we can access and modify this router.
That's going to somehow deal with modify or display different card related stuff so that three different
routes that are going to end up having are going to be the button that we're going to click to add an
item to a cart.
So this button right here is gonna trigger a form submission.
So we're going to make a post request to our back end.
We're gonna handle that inside of our carts file that we've just created and we're inside of that root
handler.
We're going to attempt to take whatever item the user just clicked on and add it to a shopping cart.
So that's going to be number one the second root handler that we'll put together is for this entire
page right here where we show the entire shopping cart in a listing of every product inside their and
that third route that we're going to associate with our shopping cart is the delete buttons here on
the right hand side.
So if we click on a delete button that should also trigger a foreign submission our server will receive
that request and delete the associated item from our shopping cart.
So again in total three different routes we're going to set up inside this route.
Handler I'm going to put some comments down just to guide myself.
So remember those three different routes we need to create.
So first we need to receive a post request to add an item to a cart.
We also need to receive a get request to show all items in cart.
And then finally receive a host to delete an item from a cart.
All right.
So now that we've got a little bit of structure here and we understand what we're going to put together
quick pause and we'll get started with receiving a post request to add an item to a cart in the next
video.